[storage-file-datalake] [Bug Fix] Fix the date property(createdOn, expiresOn) in some of the returned responses (#25072)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/storage/storage-file-datalake/CHANGELOG.md

### Bugs Fixed

> - Fixes the date properties(`createdOn` and `expiresOn`) in the returned responses of `DataLakeFileSystemClient` to calculate the date more accurately. [#25072](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/25072)

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixes the date properties(`createdOn` and `expiresOn`) in the returned responses of `DataLakeFileSystemClient` by calculating the date more accurately. [#25072](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/25072)
```
